# makhno_api_design

MakhnoApiDesign - JavaScript client for makhno_api_design
The endpoint sequence described here is part of the Makhno suite. The purpose is to define a protocol by which a client can request reachability checks from our infrastructure.  ## There are some reserved words that we use in this document:  `target URL`: this is the URL of a social media platform that we want to monitor. the subjects covered in this framework, are, for the most part. `target URLs`. they can be youtube videos or facebook posts. we are talking about a social media platform URL (not all of them are supported, of course, and different versions prograd in supporting more and more of them)  `availabilityCheck`: is the action by which we verify that a `target URL` is accessible from a certain country.  `vantagePoint`: is a point in the Internet network from which the availabilityCheck is executed to a targetURL. They are identified by the nationality of the internet service provider hosting them.  `agent`: a tool executed from a `vantagePoint`, this tool connects to a `target URL` and verify if the content is reachable or not.  ## The purpose of Makhno, as you can guess, is to map whether a social media content is accessible from a nation or not.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.v3.generators.javascript.JavaScriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/),
please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install makhno_api_design --save
```

#### git
#
If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.
https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var MakhnoApiDesign = require('makhno_api_design');

var api = new MakhnoApiDesign.GAFAMApi()
var body = new MakhnoApiDesign.ParsePayload(); // {ParsePayload} The payload captured by the agent and information about the agent itself, also information about the `vantagePoint`
var targetURL = "targetURL_example"; // {String} 
var source = "source_example"; // {String} 
var countryCode = "countryCode_example"; // {String} 
var html = "html_example"; // {String} 

var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.gAFAMparse(body, targetURL, source, countryCode, html, callback);
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://makhno.net/api/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*MakhnoApiDesign.GAFAMApi* | [**gAFAMparse**](docs/GAFAMApi.md#gAFAMparse) | **POST** /GAFAM/parse | this endpoint receives the payload produced from one of the &#x60;agent&#x60; collecting evidence.
*MakhnoApiDesign.GAFAMApi* | [**gAFAMsupported**](docs/GAFAMApi.md#gAFAMsupported) | **POST** /GAFAM/supported | Return if a &#x60;target URL&#x60; belongs to a supported platform
*MakhnoApiDesign.GAFAMApi* | [**gAFAMsupportedList**](docs/GAFAMApi.md#gAFAMsupportedList) | **GET** /GAFAM/supported | Display a list of the supported natures and URL exmaples that can be processed
*MakhnoApiDesign.ResultsApi* | [**retrieveResults**](docs/ResultsApi.md#retrieveResults) | **GET** /results | Invoked by webapp and bots to report the reachability status
*MakhnoApiDesign.ResultsApi* | [**submitValidationCheck**](docs/ResultsApi.md#submitValidationCheck) | **POST** /results | Reserved API, it is not mean to be user facing
*MakhnoApiDesign.ScheduledApi* | [**forceSchedule**](docs/ScheduledApi.md#forceSchedule) | **POST** /scheduled | Reserved API, it is not mean to be user facing
*MakhnoApiDesign.ScheduledApi* | [**retrieveSchedule**](docs/ScheduledApi.md#retrieveSchedule) | **GET** /scheduled | Invoked by &#x60;agent&#x60; gets what should be tested
*MakhnoApiDesign.SubmissionApi* | [**submissionGet**](docs/SubmissionApi.md#submissionGet) | **GET** /submission | Know which URL have been submitted (not used by agent)
*MakhnoApiDesign.SubmissionApi* | [**submitURL**](docs/SubmissionApi.md#submitURL) | **POST** /submission | Submit to the Makhno server the request to verify a &#x60;targetURL&#x60;

## Documentation for Models

 - [MakhnoApiDesign.AddScheduled](docs/AddScheduled.md)
 - [MakhnoApiDesign.ParsePayload](docs/ParsePayload.md)
 - [MakhnoApiDesign.ParseResult](docs/ParseResult.md)
 - [MakhnoApiDesign.ProposedUrl](docs/ProposedUrl.md)
 - [MakhnoApiDesign.ScheduledActivity](docs/ScheduledActivity.md)
 - [MakhnoApiDesign.ScheduledList](docs/ScheduledList.md)
 - [MakhnoApiDesign.SubmissionDetail](docs/SubmissionDetail.md)
 - [MakhnoApiDesign.SubmissionList](docs/SubmissionList.md)
 - [MakhnoApiDesign.SubmissionProposal](docs/SubmissionProposal.md)
 - [MakhnoApiDesign.SupportedUrl](docs/SupportedUrl.md)
 - [MakhnoApiDesign.SupportedUrlFormat](docs/SupportedUrlFormat.md)
 - [MakhnoApiDesign.SupportedUrlFormatList](docs/SupportedUrlFormatList.md)
 - [MakhnoApiDesign.TestResult](docs/TestResult.md)
 - [MakhnoApiDesign.TestResultList](docs/TestResultList.md)
 - [MakhnoApiDesign.ValidityCheck](docs/ValidityCheck.md)

## Documentation for Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.

